0:00  
Hey folks man if you're on the fence about life insurance get down with ladder ladder is the smart easy way to get and manage life insurance just go online apply it only takes a few minutes with ladder there's no paperwork or fees and you can change it anytime without penalties ladder is licensed and backed by trusted partners with billions in coverage. Go to latter life. com Get off the fence about getting life insurance. Hey this is David Johnson running back of their donor card notice and you're listening to the fantasy footballers podcast.

0:36  
Welcome to the fantasy footballers podcast, coming to you from draft dot com studios with your host

0:46  
Jason

0:48  
like, right,

0:57  
you stepped in my that's

0:59  
what what it would sound like if I started the show every time. There's a little Flemmi. Oh it's called Ras Oh raspy. We've world to be brisket.

1:11  
Hello Mike. Welcome

1:14  
to the show. Wednesday, August 29. The fantasy football podcast back again. Got a great show prepared for you. We're getting into some Well, we'll do an ADP price check. We'll see what players are moving around the draft board. If you still got to draft ahead of you will get into some preseason lessons we've learned through three weeks and what our eyes are telling us what the depth charts telling us will basically be talking about good vibes and bad vibes were taken on the role of the Beach Boys. Yeah, that's exactly what we do. I knew you would get their reference. Yeah, old man. But I put on the 45 this morning. Mike was listening, good vibrations that song that's a classic. But that I mean, that's a little bit of what we have here is we don't get a lot of evidence. And we take what we see and what we know. And we're just telling you where things are trending on certain players. And sometimes we have expectations about somebody that they don't pan Lj that's happened a time or two,

2:15  
you know, sometimes we have high hopes and then you watch preseason and next thing you know, they're not getting the play that you want, you know, you think of Rashad Penny, even before he broke his and yeah, certainly, I think what's important on an episode like today we're going to talk about the good vibes and the bad vibes the things that have really moved the needle for us but what we're not going to do and what you should not do is draw conclusions say these are over it settled it's done exactly I mean you can you can say okay, that you could draw conclusion that this guy is getting first team reps, you know that if he's being used that way, but yeah, you can't overreact which is so tempting in preseason so we'll try walk that straight narrow right down the middle. Yeah, yeah, walk the line. Walk the Line.

3:06  
Get those good vibrations. Follow us on Twitter at the FF ballers we're over on youtube youtube dot com slash the fantasy footballers the fantasy football dot com is the website and the community if you're trying to get into a league a little last minute league action go to join the foot dot com join our community get access to an extra episode lots of good stuff over there for clan leagues is part of that Foot Clan leagues calm yeah there's over 5000 Foot Clan members

3:33  
yeah you can find local leagues you could find online Lee's whatever your heart desires

3:38  
whatever your heart desires all right quick question we're gonna do a little a one month price check on some players marquees Goodwin a month ago you know word Mark he's good own was going I know about a month ago a month ago he was a ninth round pick yeah they're gonna guess that sounds about right middle of the ninth round Where do you think he is now oh hi I believe that marketing good one and pure go sewn have done a complete cross fade they have they've gone Freaky Friday switch body they have switched bodies they have switched draft prices so it will Garson was What about a six round pick so I'm just

4:15  
throwing it out there nine to six I I'm going to say because I you know when when I was calling for the busts I know that mark is good room was shockingly high I think he was top of the fifth round do either 1505

4:31  
That's what I mean like look good one has had a great preseason some you know we might be worth that price. Oh I'm also you know I'm all guys I am. I am all aboard. You are Yes. He passes the eye test to me in the way that he's used and yes, you're right PR son from the seventh to the ninth round. In that same time span he was involved the younger son was involved this last game but he is certainly take a backseat to first read to be fair the the big play of PR zone was even admittedly by him a target to marquees I don't know why not all it were Garson just happened to be someone ran a route wrong or there was a poorly designed to play because Carson was crossing the same time. He just was a little bit in front of good ones. So he snatched the kidney that's a

5:19  
great design plays like you just throw

5:21  
it in this area. You got two guys to get. What about Mars? Sean Lynch. Oh, where are Sean Lynch going? He was. Well, he got seventh round pick. You got that fantasy? Hitman bone. Yeah, yeah, you've been a big march on lunch one a year. My guy. Yes. I love Marshall. And if and if he's going in the fifth round. It's still a deal. He's going in the fourth round. I'm still happy with that price. I'm pretty confident he's fifth round. Like

5:47  
I think he's going probably just after Goodwin 50505. That's still delightful.

5:57  
Carlos Hyde this this is a talk about him on his coffee one day he was an eighth round pick at the beginning of the month because things have gone very very well for Mr. Carlos Hyde over this offseason. He has a stranglehold on the starting position. Nick job at least in Joe jackal

6:20  
at all right. Oh, hi. Oh, hi. No more. Mr. Nice hide. Wow. Huh. One minute to Jacqueline.

6:30  
I like the tech benign records. Man. You like mine? He didn't like Mike's. I guess I haven't heard a ton. That is correct. I guess I haven't heard a ton on hide. Even though we were talking about him before. Before we hit these Mike switches on about how much we like them. I'm going to say seven then. No, I'm going higher. Oh, he's just starting running back and always

6:52  
a fantastic he's getting the the Hard Knocks bump as well be the ground.

6:59  
Yeah, rounds are the hotness, man.

7:01  
Five awake. Gotta get all those Browns players lesson. Oh, yeah. Well. Carson Wentz. You better hope for some holy water. On the host, Dr. Price's. Carson Wentz was the a back of the sixth round pick. Where do you think he's going now? I think where he is the first place. Yeah, the

7:19  
fears of him missing. He's got to be ninth 10th round. I'm gonna say I'm gonna give people credit and say 10th round. You are incorrect. eighth round darn early eighth. Here's the thing.

7:31  
Carson Wentz went entirely undrafted in our league of record draft Yeah, he was picked up the next day on the waiver wire. But he did not he did not get drafted.

7:41  
I don't I don't I don't blame us. I don't blame our league. I mean that's the reality is now for some leaks because in a lot of leagues your home league everybody's drafted to quarterback so you're tired 24 quarterbacks off the board we don't recommend that and obviously our league listens to our show so it's usually 12 to 14 quarterbacks are rostered and look if you don't know guys starting week one

8:07  
How are you gonna you have to roster two quarterbacks I have that his number one wide receiver Allison Jeffrey had some news break that we'll get into in just a little bit. Yeah, we'll do one more player Trey Burke he hears booboo he was the middle of the eighth round pick. I've seen a lot of our listeners rosters. From this past week of drafting, there is a smattering of them all about all over my Twitter, Trey Burton and I'm seeing Burton in the eighth and ninth and some of these leagues and I'm just like beautiful Trey burdens gonna win people leaks I think strongly believe back of this sixth, you'd be right. Middle of the six. All right, I liked it better. The eighth the six round is we may be calling okay. Price as Mike would spray. Jason

8:50  
Yeah, yeah. Oh, trade. Boom, boom. Yeah,

8:53  
some weeks you're gonna get the trade boom boom. And it's gonna be good. Here we go.

9:01  
News and notes from around the league.

9:06  
Now that we're legally permitted permitted to talk about news because we hit that drop. Yes, we can talk about the out Shaun Geoffrey news, Adam shaft or tweeted that he's expected to miss at least at least the first two games of the season. Now, Shaun Geoffrey Eagles wide receiver opportunities abound for people behind him. Now he could still be a pop candidate, right.

9:30  
I think that's what this news is, is that he's going with a void the pop but he's going to miss a few games. So it's one of those where you would assume since they're saying at least two you're saying it's probably going to be missed two to five games, you know, because they want him back before obviously there's going to miss six games. They write them on the pop. And if you are just jumping back into the football season one Welcome to the show. And you're going what what having our son Jeffrey he had surgery on his shoulder.

10:00  
And apparently he played with a torn rotator cuff all of last year. Got the surgery and this It's It's troublesome for not only wins, but for our Sean aid. It's a huge opportunity now for Nelson Aguilar, Mike Wallace. Yeah, I mean, Mike Wallace might be a sneaky DFS play.

10:23  
That's a large couple weeks bump in my rankings, because I asked him to actually have that you know, Aguilar, his role was kind of already there. Wallace's role is going to change get a bump up, especially those first two weeks and this was nerds. Yeah, deeply sleeper Shelton Gibson to Ooh, ooh, going D Yeah, he's been. I think Shelton Gibson is the preseason leader in yards. Really? Yeah,

10:48  
or he's in the top five for sure. Hmm. So sometimes it's interesting to look at those numbers, the preseason numbers for sleeper candidates. And what's ironic about that is that Tyree kill is in the top five and yet, even though he's barely playing so we'll talk about him today to Adam Thielen had a feeling in his left leg and it wasn't a good one he limped off the practice field according to beat reporter Andrew Kramer

11:16  
no cause for long term concern for Adam feeling there was some short term concerned when we got the news yesterday yeah cuz this happens right i mean preseason injury players banged up especially when you talk about issues that you know have a chance of re injury we don't know much more but he's supposed to not be out long term no this

11:36  
is something you you have to monitor we just don't know enough we don't even know what the specific injury was. Was it a Was it a hamstring you know was it was it was a did he bang his shin that lesson. I doubt that I doubt maybe those

11:51  
shin splints. Those are real people. I haven't banged my shin really hard and since I was a child, I think that's when I

12:00  
I don't have the opportunity anymore. Really. I just don't do things that I can bang my if you've never got a coffee table, right in the midsection.

12:09  
midsection, your shins. I was with you, Mike. Thank you. You're not we're not lately.

12:13  
You're not walking strong enough to second main. All right, Doug Baldwin. Shame on you. Doug Baldwin, put the fear put the fear in yesterday, and did the listen to Doug Baldwins press conference. He hadn't talked to the press in a while he hasn't played in the preseason he has very limited reps with the new offense and he came out and said look well first he said he hasn't been 100% since he was born

12:40  
yes I'm glad that you are aware of that part of it but then he basically said look he's like 80 85%

12:47  
the injury that he's dealing with is going to persist and and through the season and look Doug Baldwin is not likely to be 100% in all this year whether that means he's going to be a contributing fantasy member to your team or not and to what degree look I'm it's not good It's not good to me know and now so let's take a look at the value currently of Doug Baldwin because I was with Jason i like i like that he was dropping I was gonna buy in for Doug Baldwin in the middle of the third but now we're looking at him on fantasy football calculator 306 but he is currently sandwiched between t y Hilton and Adam Thielen and so Jason as the the man who was all about your bowtie bout that Doug Baldwin injury life try Hilton Adam feeling would both be selected over Doug Baldwin this moment. I mean, you can't ignore the news I have been constantly like, Yes, I mean we get just non stop tweets. How'd I do? And I see Baldwin in the fourth very frequently in the fourth round. I think at home week

13:58  
she could drop further I think at that point. You know if you're taking him if you're going to ask me okay Josh Gordon and his upside or Doug Baldwin. I'm still taking Doug Baldwin without a doubt. But if you've got other great options, you know, like what I see in try Hilton is a perennial top 10 wide receiver with Andrew Luck then yeah, I'm gonna take I'm gonna take the other great options over Baldwin for fear of the knee. Alright,

14:23  
well, we'll talk a little bit more about that. Let's go ahead and get into Oh, we got some high frame oh you wanted to mention the trade No. I I wanted to mention is the the big piece of news that broke if you haven't watched are never gonna stop this.

14:40  
If you haven't watch Hard Knocks. The the big piece of breaking news for me was named gates continues. Oh yeah. How do we deal with a quarterback because look, I want to get someone's name right. Yes. That's that's important to me. I want to respect you if is it tie rod is it Hello rod. And we had been saying Corey

15:03  
Clemente. Yes. Clement and right. When I was like, Yeah, I take great respect in getting your name right.

15:10  
And then so everyone who made the switch to to rod Yeah, even on hard knocks. The announcer called him till rod but then tie rod went into the press conference and said, Hey, my name is Ty rod. So I I don't I don't even know what to do anymore. I think

15:28  
if he said, we go back. I think we have to go back into rock

15:33  
official stamp. Okay.

15:35  
Rod Taylor. He said it. Yeah. So he said, It's his fault. Just Just. I just. I don't know what to blow. My head is spinning. He's been Ty, Ron for years everywhere. Then you get all thrown to a tizzy, and then he calls himself tie rod. Hey, we just stay there. All right. We're going back. We got enough cameras in Clements to worry about we don't need to work to rod rod in. Alright, tie rod. We got it. We got you, buddy. I will only switch. We got to rod if he calls me comes on the show and tells me to go. All right. He's tired. He's Tyra, the invitation is open. Mr. Taylor. Alright, let's talk about some preseason lessons. Guys. This is going to be kind of open discussion. open debate will will take a turn each to kind of talk about the things that we are pulling out of the preseason, what are the good vibes? What are the bad vibes? And we'll start with the good vibes. And we'll start with a player that I have disparaged

16:36  
less on the player level more on the team level. But I have to acknowledge good vibes and that is Kenyan Drake. Oh, and the capstone of those good vibes came this morning when Adam gay said Look, he ideally in a perfect world, he's getting 15 to 20 rushes Yes. And a handful of receptions per game and look I don't like the Miami situation I don't think they're great team

17:02  
I have seen great talent from Drake in the preseason he's been an explosive player he's overcome the offensive line reverse field gone the other direction then dynamic out of the backfield if Adam gates means what he says it means a lot for fantasy owners right? Yes, I truly believe that it does the thing about Kenyan Drake's talents is I got a Drake man

17:30  
that's like a dragon yeah oh yeah it is the offensive line is well It remains to be seen but what I know about Kenyan Drake is if an opportunity arises in a play and there actually is a crease for him to go to he's gonna find it and he's going to he's going to break off a big play well and this is not here's the thing about Drake that I have to acknowledge

17:59  
this is not an Isaiah Crowell situation where you hype up corral before last year but then the team doesn't get a lot of offensive plays and they don't get a lot of opportunities in the lead to give them first and second down work Drake is going to work on third down right and so he's more matchup proof game script proof. Now he's not injury proof that hasn't been his history. And he's not Frank Gore proof and that could still be a problem. But the sides the vibes right now are very positive for Kenyan Drake. So I I want to bring that out there. And I know Jason three have been you started the offseason, as a Drake fan. You acknowledge the complications that exist in that backfill with Gorillaz team, etc.

18:42  
But Drake, the vibes are good. Yeah. And the preseason is has you know, look, I know that they have they've rested Frank Gore. So we haven't really seen that split. But what we did see this preseason was Drake full on same player his second half of last year where he was dominating for fantasy, see football. And eventually, as a coach, you have to go this player gives me the best chance to win. And I don't always assume that coaches are going to make the right decision. I think that's important. You have to you have to look at their own history and and and realize that they might not have the same eyes that you have. But when it is this large when the gap is ok, you have a player who's dominating left, right and center and you're an offensive minded coach that has a history of capitalizing on your weapons like Adam gates does. I now believe he will get the work and I've said from the get go, if he gets to work, if you get over 200 carries. He's a top 12 running

19:40  
back. Well, yeah, Adam gates wants to play fast. He wants to have an offense out there getting they want to be at the top half of the league and plays drawn. Now you want a lot of things and you might not get them but that's the ambition it really puts a damper on on pulling the lever and getting triple sevens at the Bellagio. Yeah, if Kenyan Drake is out there, killing blinds will only benefit and have an opportunity if there's injury ahead of him. I've seen every every draft I've been a part of this year Frank Gore has dropped tremendously I don't think anybody wants to drop or wants to draft because they know that the ceiling there isn't high another good vibe I want to bring forward what's the Tyree kill Padma homes Oh connection now they have a hard scheduled to start the year we've talked about it but boy when you have speed you've seen this with Goodwin Okay, there's similarities between Tyree kill a marquee is good when it's in size and in speed when you have speed and then you evolve as a route runner. It changes the game for your quarterback and Tyree kill. Has the take the top off speed and ends up always open. I mean, he's been a number one read all all offseason long and ultimately Pamela Holmes has has fallen in love with him. assuming he can stay healthy, the vibes are very very good for Tyree kill in less than a half eight for 88 the other day with a carry you know, you get the Percy Harvin esque carrier to a game from Tyree kill on top of big playability touchdown ability and if he becomes that possession guy for Padma homes. He's a top 10 candidate yeah

21:23  
and to kind of just pair with that you you mentioned about Padma Holmes has just impressed the heck out of me this preseason from a the vantage point of fantasy football he is utilizing his weapons when he's out there with Kelsey and Hill and you know even even in the the the running game with hunt I mean Padma Holmes is going to be putting up fantasy points I I've moved him to where he's almost a QB one now for this coming season. I mean it's I don't love his early season schedule but I really am a believer in patent homes and I'm also jealous Andy that you have him now in dynasty I also have him in our league of record diving into his reception perception data provided by Matt Harmon for the oldman draft kit in the sample last year he had a 70% contested catch conversion rate which is tremendous and here's what here's why Tyree kill currently cannot be guarded. He posted a 93rd percentile so

22:32  
mathematically extremely good success rate against press coverage. If you can't stop Tyree kill. At the line. You have little to no chance of actually guarding him. 14 receptions, 182 yards and a touchdown in the preseason. Padma Holmes has gone 31 for 43 for 367 yards and two touchdowns in the preseason. The vibes are good in are there in Kansas City. So we'll move on to some other good vibe candidates from my compadres but first I want to thank NFL game pass if you wanna go watch Tyree light the world on fire. It's very easy with NFL game past top rookies, all the comeback players you want to check out Kirk Cousins whether you can take the Vikings up another level whether Jordan Nelson will fit in and the Raiders wide receiver Corps and help Derek Carr become that top 12 guy think he can be you want to watch little Baker Mayfield you can do on NFL game pass look. I'm excited for the season. We all are and NFL game pass makes it simple and easy. Especially if you're out of market to watch whatever game you want. We've been going through reviewing the tape for this preseason lessons. It's all showing pass and it's all through game pass. They have condensed games which makes it very very quick in the preseason to go through and see all the main reps from the main guys. And best of all you can kick off the 2018 NFL season with a seven day free trial game pass. All you have to do is sign up now at NFL dot com slash fantasy football that's it.

24:04  
game up game on Hey and if you are like most people want to tell you about rev town because if you're like most people you wear pants every day you're wearing most people wear pants but jeans or you know there's a lot of times in an uncomfortable they're constricting in all the wrong places your genes they should look good but also fit right and feel comfortable. Now they can thanks to rev town rev town is a home to premium jeans at actually great price the founders of red and we actually spoke on the phone with them they spent years for a lot of athletic companies that you know well you've heard of and you know making athletic clothes and now they're taking the best parts of that performance apparel comfort and flexibility and durability to denim and they have their own Italian meal denim infused with the perfect amount of four way stretch in fact reptile makes and sells their products so they're able to offer a dramatically lower price so you're not going to find discounts no sales no gimmicks they're giving you the best price always so just head over to rev town right now it's rev town USA dot com. R EV t o w in USA dot com check them out online and grab a pair of premium jeans for a great price alright well which one of you wants to share one of your good vibe

25:28  
players or solutions or what vibes are percolating sure

25:33  
you know i i want to hop in with two rookie Titans last season that got a lot of hype they were you know it last year's all if you if you're new this season to fantasy football or you weren't listening last year last year's rookie tied in class was one of the best rookie tied in classes in a long time now we saw the breakout of Evan Ingram but you might have forgotten about how good David and Joe coo was helping good oj Howard first round tight ends those guys those the three of them this was like a generational class for a position but we said last year oj Howard was in our bus list last season because look rookie tied in so rarely break out but that doesn't mean that they don't break just means they don't break out that year. And in this preseason, David and Joe coup and oj Howard have said we're here. They're running routes they're catching balls in joke who's gotten a lot more play because he's getting touchdowns right now in the preseason but when I watched this last game with the Buccaneers there were three times I was like oh man who was that oh that was oj Howard oh man wow Who's that oh that was owed to Howard Oh who did that oh that was od Howard he's a beast and I've flipped him and Cameron break I realized calibrate is usually the more pass catching tight in oj Howard such a great run blocking tight in that he's utilizing that way a little bit more often. Which isn't great for fantasy but I saw them I mean we've talked about this for years one of the difficult when you have to pass catchers one of the things that we have garnered the most successfully from pre seasons past is the tight end usage how our tight ends being used are they actually running routes when you hope they are and that's what I was noticing with both of those guys you've got in joke who who last season was on the field less than half the time and in preseason with the starters it's pretty much every single snap now and oj Howard actually getting down the field so those two guys have moved up my my boards this preseason

27:37  
yeah I I'm all about David and Joe coo I think it can be a top 12 tight end I am less enthusiastic about Howard myself I'd love to get Mike's take on it only because break even this preseason has more receptions and Howard does but Howard is he's he's the more explosive athlete big play and even if you increase like if he increases workload if you take that next step for a rookie he tied in with his ability if you don't do it if you don't run them out there and involve them in the passing game you're stupid that's a stupid decision from an offensive coordinator perspective because he can he can do things now break can do things well but he can do things break can't do

28:15  
right there was one of the prizes when I was like oh Who's that it's I caught the ball now haha trying to tackle me yeah just run in his guys are like you know it's it's like a man among boys out there he's he he's a beast and I will say this good Howard are joking Mike who do a better feel for man if I'm choosing between the two

28:40  
that's really really tough I I suppose I lean in joke who currently

28:49  
the problem of course in Cleveland is once Josh Gordon is back you have a lot of fantastic options to to catch passes but if tie rod hold on to the starting job. We've seen him lean on the tight end we've also seen Jamison Winston lean on the tight end last year and oj Howard's final five games he had three touchdowns three games over 50 yards he just he makes big plays Yes

29:17  
Yes he does I would still definitely taken joke who over Howard for a lot of the reasons laid out but also in addition the fact that the first three games you don't have James Winston and Ryan Fitzpatrick he really has just never been a tight end target and he has other weapons to use so

29:34  
you want you're tied into get off to a hot start as well I'm gonna throw out my good vibe wide receiver

29:42  
Chris Hogan for the New England Patriots and wire vibe so good for Chris Hogan cuz he's apparently gone full Hollywood Hogan and he's getting people kicked out of town he says you're not good enough for this team you're not good enough for this team please retire please retire oh he's not asking please he is demanding Chris Hogan has taken over the situation

30:06  
Eric in New England you're gonna walk in there you're gonna say I'm done today. Eric Eric Decker's gone

30:14  
What due to Jordan Matthews who knows who knows what Chris Hogan is up to over there it he is just recall what Chris Hogan was early on last season which was a top 10 wide receiver Julian Edelman and suspended for four games we love players getting off to a hot start Eric Decker is gone Jordan Matthews is gone as of right now Philip door set the ghost of Philip doors set is the number two wide receiver for this team it's the only wide receiver Chris Hogan accepts Chris Howard said hey you're my bud your Crossfield from

30:52  
your cool but it's been a good it's been a good offseason for both those guys because what you're saying yeah and I'm whatever used to call Fred Jackson that depth

31:00  
chart assassin Hogan's taking

31:04  
it is kind of the thing about Hogan though is he's not had to work up he was already at the top he is just establish it so insecure no no he's good man Don't worry about Chris Hogan he's gonna he was

31:17  
he was first in the middle seat on the airplane and he put though he grabbed both armrest grab both armrests establish dominance and said this is mine.

31:24  
He went this is this is how ba Chris organise. He sits down in the middle seat. He grabs both elbow refs. People don't even bother to sit down on the aisle or the window. This is my role they want no

31:36  
part of Chris Oh, you have

31:37  
somebody give you grief on the airplane. Rachel? Oh,

31:39  
my goodness. I had just

31:43  
totally. So we we had this we have this time when we both we get on an airplane and Jason and I have the the window seat in the same on the plane. And I asked Jason to switch same I'd say mile two people in All right then. And I was like, hey, do you mind if I sit on that side? I don't know why. I just wanted to wonder wonder right? I just wanted the window on that side. Like I don't care and Jason's like, sure. And then it starts getting into his head. Well what if like he gets dealt the wrong hands on? I did I was sitting there I'm sitting there

32:19  
minding my own business up against the window here comes Chris Hogan just sitting there just bear in this woman who's in the middle who comes it she's reading a newspaper and she's all Rosalind frazzled and she's huffing and puffing and she looks and she goes you know I'm gonna have to say it you need to be on your side and

32:43  
I was I was like jaw down like what are you I looked down at my arm and I went I I am I mean I guess my elbow was like a centimeter over her spot where are you at the the front of the camera or the bow is near the back of the armor okay trying to be and then the rest of the flight and look I'm a wider guy right we've established this love the foods

33:11  
the rest of the flight I am doing this like smoosh myself over to the window. Make sure my

33:17  
elbow is conscious of your space. Oh you

33:20  
should not have given this woman the satisfaction look this woman was named Chris Hogan. And yeah,

33:26  
but so back to the point is yes. I Chris Hogan, Robin cow ski things are trending in a very positive positive direction. When it comes to catching touchdowns from Tom Brady. I want to bring up something that may have a very far reaching impact on the fantasy season. And that is the good vibes surrounding the Seahawks offensive. Sure line.

33:49  
One thing that you know about offensive lines now you can have preseason projections about how they're going to perform and the you know, pro football focus can come out and say they don't think that they're very good o line because that's based on, you know, independent evaluation and grading individual players look across that offensive line. But the one thing that Seattle shown in the preseason is a continuity that now exists because they played together last year, you can have a bad individual grade. But if you play together as an offensive line that can be sometimes more effective than just bringing in different parts and having them play together for the first time. And whatever we're seeing right now. Look, we've we've been conditioning our love of Russell Westbrook. We've been conditioning our lesson

34:34  
basketball. Yeah, I was moving on to the next point a little too quick. We've conditioned our love of Russell Wilson. We've conditioned our excitement for both Chris Carson, or Rashad penny. And that offense all on a offensive line.

34:52  
We got breaking new that could struggle breaking news

34:55  
hit the element. Yes.

34:59  
Breaking News. Brooks.

35:02  
Where did this come from? Let me check sleeper sleeper gave it all right. Mike are awful. Uh, well, we

35:11  
did out. I don't know why Andy so disappointed, because the Seahawks have signed, Tyler Lockett to a three year extension. A $32 million extension. Is this real? Wow, good for you, Tyler Lockett lots. This is Ben Cummins MVP this season, the huge breakout possibility with everything going wrong with Doug Baldwin, everything going right with Seattle's offensive line one

35:36  
title. Andy, why are you so disappointed by this four minutes ago? I dropped Tyler Lockett to pick up a

35:44  
good body.

35:46  
Four minutes ago I had to make a decision on my legal record bench for a week. One kicker. Tyler Lockett. Who did you keep instead of Tyler Lockett.

35:59  
Well, clearly, Adam Vinatieri no you have to you have to get a kicker. That's fine. But who did you keep over Tyler Lockett Donte Moncrief okay that's fine I will say Jordan Wilkins I oh you gotta hold on to Wilkins Kelvin Benjamin Corey Clement yeah Padma homes i mean i get it

36:18  
oh Mahoney Padma homes you know second quarterback you know your second quarterback yeah then patent homes should have been punted showed a drop kicked him like Baxter off the bridge

36:28  
you don't know why you know why

36:32  
I didn't do that because I have Tyree kale and I wanted to see oh you want that stack I want week one or two to see what I got and I was the last person draft a quarterback so well

36:42  
let this be you know i mean it's

36:44  
just because he gets paid money doesn't mean he's going to be so

36:48  
what everything and a bag of chips as the kids say but

36:51  
it means that the team after all of the the struggles of Tyler Lockett with his health not really producing on the football field the Seahawks think that they're there they're blaming they're blaming the struggles on just injury and

37:07  
yeah in and let this be a lesson when you adopt the strategy which we love the strategy if you don't have to have a defense and a kicker grab some of these other guys but usually you want to hold on to those guys right up until the end because you know something happens even in practice leading up to that last week. 20 million guaranteed max value of 37.8 you lock it congratulations.

37:31  
Alrighty

37:32  
that's a good vibe from the preseason it is speaking of the opposite of good vibes starting to talk about bad vibes it is it is I gotta drop for that.

37:46  
Let's start with Cameron. Meredith

37:49  
it it seems like the depth chart in New Orleans is that's the saints wide receiver. Yes, it is highly unsettled outside of Michael Thomas,

38:00  
also known as Muslims. Michael Thomas. I think he said given has his role is established. Trey Kwan Smith Say what? Yeah, I mean right now you're seeing Yeah, maybe you can say Ted gain is established but they spent a third round pick on track one Smith who's been one of the highlights of the preseason yes you have Austin Carr who's been involved you have Cameron Meredith coming over from you know he had a very productive season in Chicago before the injury but I just think the vibes are now Cameron Meredith is caught zero passes on 48 preseason stamps and he's going to get a lot of preseason week for work according to head coach Sean Payton Cameron Meredith does not look like any sort of guaranteed value late in the draft I I completely agree it was it's unfortunate but cam Meredith was he was up against it he had a devastating knee injury that he had to recover from then he was changing teams the opportunity was tremendous if you if you establish yourself as the number two wide receiver for Drew Brees Sean Payton and the New Orleans Saints and I mean that's huge news for your fantasy value but it's just it's not gonna happen yeah

39:15  
yeah i agree i mean you that he's one of those players because of the injury that you have to have watched preseason and he's got to prove it to you and he hasn't so you know you you then have to assume that he's not going to break out come week one at least maybe it's going to take him a little bit more time to to get fully recovered get integrated into the new offense and look we've we've talked about when wide receivers change teams, the the difficult nature that first year Sammy Watkins hasn't looked that great coming over, you know, year one that that could be another bad vibe right now and cam Meredith we only talked about the injury but we need to realize he's switching teams new offense. All that In addition, coming back off of that injury Allah Al Shaun Geoffrey or no that was not who I want to say.

40:06  
Allen Robinson the injury in the team switch all right Mike What do you think who were some bad vibes all right I have what's giving you the shakes what wakes you up and sure you know gets you scared and he's my guy I still stand by him being my guy for the long haul of the season but at least right now

40:27  
you gotta admit there's some bad vibes for Royce Freeman with Vance Joseph coming out and saying that divinity Booker is the starter apparently Royce Freeman may play in preseason week four which is absolutely ridiculous we need to bring up fell Lindsay's name sure and

40:48  
I'm fine with Lindsay that the situation is just if this is now going to be a three headed running back committee at least for the first part of the season that's very unfortunate for Royce Freeman Booker well heavily involved in preseason getting snaps getting carries Royce Freeman was the the more explosive player is better when you break down the metrics of yards after contact, just making making big things happen at the running back position. That was all Royce Freeman. I still 100% believe Royce Freeman will be the man

41:21  
but when you're taking a running back in the third of the fourth round, you're expecting him to produce right away. So you got to have the bad vibes. Unfortunately, that's going to take some time for Freeman to establish himself as the starter. It shouldn't. But yeah, right. Yeah, right. It shouldn't. But here's where we are. That's the way the NFL works. Yep. Jason. Yes. I'm

41:42  
gonna highlight two defenses to team defense. Is that good or bad? Oh, my pre season that. It's really boggled my mind maybe some very good week one man shop Zach streamer type decisions can be made based off of this 100% I mean I will be looking to target so like the bangles are another sort of bad vibe to me because their offensive line man I've been focused on their office of line I wanted them to get better and they just haven't shown me enough improvement for everything that I wanted but they get indie week one and so their offensive line is going to be great because the Colts defense not only upfront but also their secondary I mean there's just it's just a train wreck I

42:24  
think that the indie defense they do not have enough pieces right now Dante Davis was the one torch by Jon Roth

42:30  
yes he was they don't have enough pieces right now to to show and Kansas City The Chiefs have done their best job to make in these defense look terrific because the Chiefs were torched by the bears second string players we got

42:51  
there the Chiefs bears didn't even play starter no and they were the cheese made chase Daniel chase Daniel look fancy the man the man was almost 200 yards and two touchdowns 150 passer rating This is not trade it wasn't

43:10  
just that game it's the whole pre season they lost a lot of pieces on their defense

43:14  
we brought this up though is a reason to like Padma home Yes And because if you're in that situation where you are constantly like of all the players and all the coaches to air it out to keep it up and they have the tools to keep up may have the players to keep up my homes could be a he could lead the league in passing that

43:33  
that's that's the thing you have to differentiate a lot of times people say oh you don't want you don't want garbage send production because how did you get there you got my sucky completely agree you don't want garbage time but when you have a good offense with a bad defense it's not garbage time it's trying to win a game you're in the game you've been in the game it's it's what the argument that I make of Drew Brees from years past where their office was terrific but their defense sucked and that made a lot a lot of fantasy owners happy you wanted saints players years you know weekend week out year in year out and I think we we very well might see that this year with the chiefs.

44:09  
Here's some bad vibes the Eagles offense in in general and I wrote down for the first half of the season because

44:19  
who you start in week one mic Yeah. Who you played Zach Earth's and no one else. There's no one else you can have confidence in. Whether it's a giant or Clement mean. They're missing so much of the that's my boy. First Team off. That's my point. Though. The bearer of bad vibes is there aren't the people to play there. Yeah, there hasn't been production. And when when week one comes around. It's all right. They have foals. You don't know if Carson Wentz will be in there. Now you know Jeffrey won't be in there. You don't know what's wrong with a giant. You don't know how healthy and capable Darren Sproles is or how healthy and carry capable of Corey Coleman is. You don't know how mike wallace is going to acclimate. You don't know how Nelson Argo Aguilar is going to be. So I to me, there's just so many. I think that there's just some unsettled

45:04  
problems that are going to persist for the first part of the year. I think if you can figure that out and you head into a 4567 and eight they're going to figure it out Doug Peterson will take care of business but this is a team that spreads the ball around I don't like the vibes in Philadelphia and again in addition to all the injuries they they also did lose their offensive coordinator and their quarterback coach this is a this is a new team of coaches for their the offensive side of the ball. I mean, I told me this yesterday you know, on the on our bold predictions show I'm three years running, picking a team that's going to seriously disappointed fantasy Philly is who I wanted to pick. except they're at peace were so low, you know. Carson Wentz is would have been insightful for what are our listeners. Exactly. But that's who I am really not liking the offensive outlook for the season. So

45:52  
I have a question here for Jason. More resident Marcus, Mario to truth or

46:00  
how's your vibes on the Tennessee Titans man well so here's the thing water is healthy for you and I've gotten a big glass of salt water and so

46:13  
it hasn't hydrated me

46:14  
the way that I was hoping that you were getting some electrolytes you've heard that salt

46:20  
right yeah store that water I look I will say this I think there have been legitimately both good vibes and bad vibes with the Titans there have been things that you've seen in the running game that look great in the offense you know in this preseason that looked good Tae Tae Hwan Taylor has looked good marks Mario to week one looks good but the last couple weeks the problem specifically has been with Mario and his accuracy that is scary reminiscent of some of what I last year exactly it's so I

46:56  
mean looks like this is

46:58  
one where I don't want to overreact like himself I don't want to come to a conclusion based on preseason but it's something that you hold on to and you get a little worried and you pay close attention to in these first two weeks things

47:10  
are a little rocky for those back to back pics from that draft class Winston and yes they are did the path for like would you rather let me ask you this? Would you rather have

47:23  
Donald or Mario to right now as a franchise? Wow. Arnold. The so the unknown of of Donald

47:30  
Donald to me was a much better prospect that Mario coming out of college. You've

47:34  
got 4040 years. That's a really hard question. And then on top of that, yeah, I mean, you're coming to the point where you have to make the decision on are you going to pay more Yoda

47:46  
yeah man I think I'd rather have Donald

47:50  
that's a crazy hard

47:52  
question crazy hard question yeah that you have an answer uh. Yeah that's my answer okay it's a very different

48:01  
I quit

48:01  
I'm

48:04  
Jordan Reed Jordan Reed has been a bad vibe because look the issue has always been Is he on the field or not and yeah you go well he hasn't shown anything that's the problem I need to see him playing football is floppy toes aren't getting on the field

48:19  
they're just blowing in the wind so

48:21  
yeah i mean look I don't want I I would never right now I'm Jordan is on draft double I'm not going to stash him and I'm not going to play in week one so maybe you out there draft them

48:34  
have courage Jason maybe you

48:36  
well it would be you Mike yes you loved ordinary maybe you draft him late you get a value week one he's on the field in these great I'm not taking that risk there's just no reason I don't see enough reason to do it. So Jordan Reed or David and Joker in Joker Jordan Reed or Ricky sales Jones

48:55  
Ricky seals

48:58  
yeah I look I get it get it you can't live on the name

49:03  
your name in eighth round. He's a name

49:07  
hasn't had over 600 yards and multiple three years now. Something like that. Let's Let's help out the Foot Clan. Let's get into mailbag.

49:18  
mailbag.

49:22  
All right, and one year Andy just so you're aware. Last year he did not surpassed 600 yards but the year before he did 600 and 622,016 he had 686 yards hasn't surpassed that more than two years. Fear. I will you got me? Dang it. If you have a question for the show. Go to the fantasy football calm. click the submit a question button. dollar voicemail hotline 3024642 f f be a star with a voicemail question a baller talk of Aaron Pennsylvania new Foot Clan number oh I just had my trap that weekend and I took your advice I just not graphic kicker or defense. But now I've got three players. I've got to figure out who to drop before week one between the following Cortland, Cortland something that is Jordan Wilkins and Anthony Miller question is Who would you keep and who would you cut between those three Frank Miller's gone yes you cut Miller for sure yeah That one's in in the honest truth is you you don't have to be like Andy you don't have to do it right now today and I was so stupid to now you can wait that that's the best part of this strategy is you let the NFL tell you who you need to cut but more than likely it's going to be Anthony Miller and you hold on Jordan Wilkins is the perfect player for this strategy because you could get declared a week one starter exact or you could have Michael declared the week when start and then you feel cozy you could

50:55  
happen welcome Michael healthy and Marlon Mac is hell right week one and then all sudden you go okay Wilkins is not getting in right now yeah no he's or

51:02  
you could have watched the offensive line play and then

51:05  
jettison the mall but Miller is is the drop well

51:09  
it but I think he's saying he's gonna have to drop to because her defense yep so I mean that that's why you You just wait as long as you possibly can and it's likely going I if I were him it's probably going to end up being Wilkins and Miller that's what I would guess for me it would more than likely be the two wider see yeah that's that's where it is for me as of right now but but yeah wait and see until you can get a decision made last possible minute Don't be an Andy that's what they say don't be an Andy hey you know here's the funny thing about that is

51:42  
I had the train I had the the drop queued up yesterday but yesterday happened to be Tuesday. And even though we're not in the regular season Tuesday's today when the waivers don't go through and my drop was actually not for a kicker my drop was Tyler Lockett to pick up oj Howard that's what was queued up until about five minutes before the waiver wire this morning. And when I said well what can really happen that's literally what I said to myself my god what can really happen Why do I listen to Can I do I want to pick my week one kicker last minute maybe some other people are doing the same thing let's just go grab a guy that I liked their week one matchup now because what can really happen and we always say don't don't worry in India four

52:27  
minutes after like it happens five minutes or man Tyler Lockett so my team, it happens to the best of us. Now I want to I want to point out something because I have to Tyler Lockett has failed the top 600 receiving yards and his Lord three times since these were that was hate so yeah, stoke the fire. Right, here we go. Hey, ballers is a cya in Oklahoma. With all the hype surrounding Royce Freeman is now the time to sell and if so what kind of deal Can I get with packaging was from Freeman and golden Tate. Thanks I there's always a time to sell there's always a time to buy if you think the perceived value of Roy's Freeman is higher than his actual value will be all year and you can get it

53:13  
then it's the time to sell and and and you probably cannot get it with the latest piece people are so

53:23  
recency bias that the latest piece of news when you were to go and you know every time you get a trade offer before you click yes click on that player and you look at the latest news and it's going to say that divisive Booker has been named the starter it so what if you could trade Royce Freeman and golden Tate and pick up the vaunted Freeman Would you do that trade off? Would you rather have a divine to Freeman than Roy's Freeman and golden Tate probably not I would rather have the bobby Freeman if my wide receivers were still good if I'm Riley sacrificing golden Tate and Joe MC garbage What have you get Joe mix no I would

53:59  
hold with Freeman and Jordan Howard though that's closer again okay so I mean your your best bet is probably to let Royce develop I said you've already made the I said it's not like it's it's not death here we're not predicting the Doom of Roy's Freeman he's clear if you look at the metrics Dante Booker's broken was actually zero tackles was pre film was Freeman's broken like six yeah

54:27  
he'll it will happen he will get there. Okay, question. This one comes in from Jason he room message

54:36  
sausage. Who would you rather have in a two running back to wide receiver and a flex league DD Westbrook or Tyler log gosh

54:46  
all right I'm trying to figure out whether you would rather This is our league he wants to go draft locket blocking okay

54:55  
for me I will take it into consideration i mean i mean how much how much family would you spend for him is the row only $1 one yeah right yeah right

55:05  
um you're trying to get me back for that job Bell moment when I when you drop drag Bell before the playoffs and I picked him up and played him against you and defeated you

55:15  
Yeah Do you remember that Don't you remember that moment yes I remember that all to win

55:20  
all right I like this question comes in from Gavin in Portland because it brings up a name I've wanted to talk about Jamal Williams was dropped in a PPR league would you drop Chris Thompson for Jamal Williams immediately I hundred percent would not immediately in a full PPR league. I want people to remember Chris Thompson he's being undervalued. Chris Thompson I believe scored four touchdowns in the receiving role in Washington last year he was over 500 yards receiving despite getting hurt there is a massive talent need in Washington and people are forgetting Chris Thompson they're afraid of Chris Thompson I would rather we have Chris Thompson I want to remind the people about Chris Thompson who last year average 13 yards reception when his career average was right around seven he was nearly doubling his career average he was on an unsustainable 13 is not an yes he doubled his crew every at the running back position 13 is

56:19  
outrageous outrageous that's outraged

56:21  
re not outrageous it is out radius 10 yards a carry or 10 yards a reception is great that those

56:30  
are the guys that lead the league usually on a on a you know and I don't

56:34  
hate Chris Thompson I don't want to sound like that just he his numbers were going to come back to Earth but he and Jamal Williams also hurt and his utilization like I think in a full PPR league. The guaranteed production you get from Thompson's better than Williams Are you fully in the Williams bandwagon. Now my I am I have to be this is this is me staying water. I am definitely on a I think Jones is the best running back on that team. But the vibes are so good for Jamal Willie. That should have been a good vibe by Canada. Yeah, you are. You're 100% correct. I should have brought that up. So I'll do it. I'll just do it. Now. Jamal Williams is the guy in Green Bay that you want to own at the running back position.

57:18  
Mr. Mr. Montgomery do agree I yeah. I 100% agree we Brooks and I had the League of record draft I'm on gunners available to draft and I took Jamal Williams he his ministry galera So Mr. Monk gum in that so if you recall Jason in that spot in that position in the draft you were trading up to get Andy spot yes

57:40  
while you were debating what if you wanted to move up I was also internally debating okay do I do I want to use some assets to move up right here and draft Jamal Williams yeah that's we had the the identical thought process traded

57:56  
up to get a nice he's the clear cut start right now yes for a great often

58:03  
funny is there in a PPR draft they're going at the exact they're literally going in the same position they're both going with the 11th pic of the sixth round so it's a heads up decision for owners right now who still have a draft coming which has many of you right right a lot of your drafting this weekend or tonight or next week and you'll have to stare down Jamal Williams and Chris Thompson I might be backing off of my problem there yeah it's only because it was all Williams is also has goal line opportunity yeah there's no chance that I will I will I will pull back because of the possibility that Jamal Williams is the everything for Green Bay and offense that will be very good there's no possibility that Chris Thompson will be the everything for Washington I do think that obviously the past catching chopstick Chris Thompson or oh really superior bus but for the dice roll that Jamal Williams could be the guy in a Green Bay offense you're right you guys both right and I will say that despite how much I loved him only Williams right now I am not treating him like he is a 16 game started running back starter for my team it's but he's a first half guy he's a first quarter guy at at the least which yeah is what I'm looking for. At this point in the draft how you're right I want to remind you if you're on the fence about life insurance you got to get down with ladder we thank them for sponsoring today's show they're smart it's easy this is the way to get and manage your life insurance with ladder there's no paperwork no fees you can change it anytime without penalties and they are licensed and backed by trusted partners with billions in coverage Foot Clan get your life straight get that life insurance go to ladder life dot com. Once again. That is ladder life dot com. Get off the fence about getting life insurance. And

59:51  
that's actually really important. Just just throwing that out for the dads out there. The gentleman you gotta get your life straight. It's super annoying to do. jolting is hard adult in his heart but it's really important for your family so check that out.

1:00:06  
That is it for today. Show got a great rest of the week will be in the will be in the week. One talk next week.

1:00:14  
It's gonna be fun. Let's go check out draft comm slash ballers if you want to play some basketball. Goodbye Goodbye.

1:00:24  
Thank you for listening to another episode of the fantasy footballers podcast. Join our fantasy football community on join the foot dot com and follow us on Twitter at the FF ballers.

